ladies and gents
please listen carefully i'd like to say
something that
most of you won't like but someone has
to do it
because it's true and backed by science
and that truth is men and women are
different from birth
now before you smack me on the face with
numerous social studies
let me explain i'm not talking about
social status that's a different thing
altogether
i'm talking about gender issues
for example in 2006 larry cahill
associate professor in the department of
neurobiology and behavior at the
university of california
conducted a study that proved gender may
influence how we experience
emotions memorize things perceive
information and so on
and there's also a 2019 study that only
confirms this
deep learning techniques used by
researchers led to the discovery
that brain differences between men and
women are present
even in the womb okay
so this is controversial and some
scientists still
argue that the research lacks evidence
but let's face it we are different
whatever our social environment might be
and that's actually a good thing yes it
is
i know i'm a man and you might think i'm
only saying this
because i want to reinforce the male
position
but trust me i don't what i
really want to do is tell you that the
differences between men and women
are necessary and beautiful and i'm
talking about both biological and mental
differences
we all know that men are born to be
physically stronger
and women don't feel pain as acutely as
men due to the process of childbirth
that's the undoubted truth and no one
really argues with it
that's how nature works with the brain
however things often get complicated
if we are physically different why would
we think that we're not
mentally so why can't we just accept the
fact that
male and female ways of thinking feeling
and perceiving information
are not similar what's so wrong with
that
nothing absolutely nothing is wrong with
it
and i don't know why there's so much
negativity about this issue
thanks to these differences we can look
at various problems from all angles
sometimes finding unexpected solutions
if we only listen to each other if we
only start trying to understand the
opposite genders views and motives
we'll discover a whole new world of
opportunities
this is exactly what more enlightened
countries are doing right now
history knows lots of examples of
unfairness injustice and discrimination
today however we're on our way to
recognizing universal equality
human is the word of the century
it isn't the gender or the skin or hair
color that makes you human
it's your heart and your brain
we can love and hate different things
and come together with those who share
our views
we can join social and religious groups
or activist movements
we can even team up with our colleagues
and enjoy working together
so why not look at the gender issue from
the same point of view
men are one group women are another
that's our human approach to life in
general
we are social beings and we need this
separation
but even from a physiological standpoint
we won't ever be able to understand each
other completely
a man will not understand what it's like
to give birth to a child
because he's physically incapable of
this miracle
in the same manner a woman won't be able
to fathom
what it is to suffer for some male
specific disease
and that's okay that's perfectly fine if
you ask me
because we don't need to understand
everything
just like we don't need to completely
understand each other's motives and ways
of thinking
no matter what we do no matter what kind
of social environment we have
will still be different and that doesn't
in the least
concern our equality of rights or
anything like that
we are equal that's not a point of
argument
why do you think more men than women
love action movies and video games
well more women than men adore soap
operas and plush toys
of course there are exceptions and this
is all statistics
but still the percentage in both cases
is quite obvious
things like these can't be imposed
against our will
there are choice and ours only
we can choose what we like and dislike
ourselves
and statistics say there are typically
male and typically
female things it's also known that women
can distinguish much more colors and
shades than men
which can make them better designers for
example
men on the other hand are better fit for
hard physical labor because of their
constitution
we have hormones that also play a huge
role in how we perceive the world around
us
testosterone in the male body makes us
more aggressive and protective than
women who have next to none of it
yet only women have the maternal
instinct that drives them
crazy if someone or something threatens
their child
now i'm not saying that fathers don't
love their kids it's just that they
don't have the
same instinctive primitive bond as
mothers do
the list of these differences can go on
and on and i can dwell on this for hours
but what good would it serve what i'm
trying to say here
is that we shouldn't deny our
dissimilarities and try to prove that
we're the same men and women
let's face it we're not whatever society
we live in
will never be similar to each other
social equality has nothing to do with
our being different
it's the innate stuff that makes our
lives so much more complicated
yet that much more fascinating as well
we team up we mix we fall in love we
break up we make friends and fight we
live
together because despite all our
differences and disputes
we complement each other where a man can
only see
one solution a woman can show him
another and vice versa
this is teamwork this is our life as
humans
we must not toss away our identity
neglecting who we
are instead we should take pride in
everything that we
are in being men and women in being
different
the truth is we can't survive without
each other
even as a species let's accept the fact
that we will never be similar and enjoy
it
not frustrated about it let's embrace
our differences
they are after all what makes us so
beautiful in each other's eyes
and in case you didn't hear me the first
time we're not
unequal we're just not the same
do you agree with me that we're born
different and not raised so
i'd like to hear your opinions so leave
them down in the comments
don't forget to like this video share it
with your friends
and click the subscribe button that's
another way
you get to the bright side of life
you